Docs: Add "How to extend workflows" section (#4562)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/howto/write_workflows.rst

For the simple example presented in the previous section, simply copy-pasting the input and output port definitions of the subprocess ``MultiplyAddWorkChain`` was not too troublesome.
However, this quickly becomes tedious and error-prone once you start to wrap processes with quite a few more inputs.

To prevent the copy-pasting of input and output specifications, the :class:`~aiida.engine.processes.process_spec.ProcessSpec` class provides the :meth:`~plumpy.ProcessSpec.expose_inputs` and :meth:`~plumpy.ProcessSpec.expose_outputs` methods.
Calling :meth:`~plumpy.ProcessSpec.expose_inputs` for a particular ``Process`` class, will automatically copy the inputs of the class into the inputs namespace of the process specification:

.. code-block:: python

    @classmethod
    def define(cls, spec):
        """Specify inputs and outputs."""
        super().define(spec)
        spec.expose_inputs(MultiplyAddWorkChain)  # Expose the inputs instead of copying their definition
        spec.outline(
            cls.multiply_add,
            cls.is_even,
        )
        spec.output('is_even', valid_type=Bool)

Be aware that any inputs that already exist in the namespace will be overridden.

> To prevent this, the method accepts the ``namespace`` argument, which will cause the inputs to be copied into that namespace instead of the top-level namespace.

Reviewer: Is there a way to provide a link to an argument (`namespace`) the way you do to methods and classes, i.e. `` :meth:`~plumpy.ProcessSpec.expose_inputs` ``?

Author: There seems to be an extension for this:

https://pypi.org/project/sphinx-paramlinks/

Not sure if we want to add it though. I suppose they can just click on the method and check out the parameter. 🙃

Note that this command also recursively shows the processes called by the subprocesses of the ``MultiplyAddIsEvenWorkChain`` work chain.

As mentioned earlier, you can also expose the outputs of the ``MultiplyAddWorkChain`` using the :meth:`~plumpy.ProcessSpec.expose_outputs` method.
Say we want to add the ``result`` of the ``MultiplyAddWorkChain`` as one of the outputs of the extended work chain:

.. code-block:: python

    @classmethod
    def define(cls, spec):
        """Specify inputs and outputs."""
        super().define(spec)
        spec.expose_inputs(MultiplyAddWorkChain, namespace='multiply_add')
        spec.outline(
            cls.multiply_add,
            cls.is_even,
        )
        spec.expose_outputs(MultiplyAddWorkChain)
        spec.output('is_even', valid_type=Bool)

Since there is not one output port that is shared by all process classes, it is less critical to use the ``namespace`` argument when exposing outputs.
However, take care not to override the outputs of the parent work chain in case they do have outputs with the same port name.
We still need to pass the ``result`` of the ``MultiplyAddWorkChain`` to the outputs of the parent work chain.

> For example, we could do this in the ``is_even`` step by using the ``self.out`` method:

Reviewer: Should we maybe include the reference to the method? I think it is:

```suggestion
For example, we could do this in the ``is_even`` step by using the :meth:`~aiida.engine.processes.process.Process.out` method:
```
